update access indicators (#1538)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/publish/quality.md

> 11. Publish record packages containing compiled releases
> 12. Decrease the number of HTTP errors
> 13. Increase the number of access methods (API endpoints, bulk downloads)
> 14. Decrease the number of license restrictions

Reviewer: Use short-hand syntax.

```suggestion
1. Publish record packages containing compiled releases
1. Decrease the number of HTTP errors
1. Increase the number of access methods (API endpoints, bulk downloads)
1. Decrease the number of license restrictions
```
